# Robinhood
Robinhood is an American-based financial services company that provides a place to commission-free trades of stocks, exchange-traded funds, and cryptocurrencies while also allowing users to set up individual retirement accounts.

On April 18, 2023, the company was founded to "provide everyone with access to the financial markets, not just the wealthy" which is how the founders Vladimir Tenev and Baiju Bhatt described the company's mission. On the Robinhood website, the original idea behind the company's creation is stated as such, "Robinhood was founded on a simple idea: that our financial markets should be accessible to all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers and providing greater access to financial information and investing. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in."

Robinhood's main sources of revenue come from interest earned on customers' cash balances, selling order information to high-frequency traders, and margin lending, it has also been funded by 81 investors and raised a total of $ 6.8 billion in funding over 28 rounds. 

Robinhood was created to target people who want to start investing, specifically for the new generation, in a way that is easy and can travel anywhere with them. With the many ways that it helps users learn about stocks, cryptocurrencies, and even investing in a retirement fund, it has become one of the leading investment companies and best-selling apps. The main element that Robinhood offers that the competitors don't, is how easy and simple it is to use. One of the most attractive factors for people to start using Robinhood over some other competitors is the 100% commission-free stock, options, ETF, and cryptocurrency trades. It also supplies users with a variety of web-based and mobile financial assistance related to trading stocks and other assets.

When it comes to the technologies used to make and keep Robinhood running, there's a wide variety of programs, tools, and services being used. According to G2 Stack, Robinhood uses 78 different technology applications and services including Google Fonts, Google Analytics, HTML5, LetsEncrypt, and Font Awesome. The site was made using program tools such as GitHub, Python, Git, Docker, and React.

Robinhood is a part of two main domains of the financial industry which are Investment Management and Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies. The Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies domain has grown a lot over the years, but with the number of companies such as Coinme, Chainanalysis, Coinbase, Spring Labs, BlockFi, Circle, IBM, ConsenSys, MoonPay, and many others, the future of Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies can only get more innovative and more promising. More and over the years Investing in stocks and Cryptocurrencies has been moving to mobile apps to become more accessible to a wider variety of people, and to reach out to more future investors that want somewhere to start. With one of the most simple and engaging layouts for users to learn, it puts them ahead of the competition compared to the other companies and services. Ever since 2018 when Robinhood integrated the service of crypto trading, users have been clamoring for the opportunity to buy and sell more tokens, and Robinhood has not disappointed. Robinhood also added "Robinhood Retirement" which is presented as "The first and only IRA with a Robinhood 1% match for every dollar contributed, access to stocks and ETFs, all in one place, and zero commissions or account minimums." 

Robinhood's impact on business has been so powerful that it has its term, the "Robinhood Effect". The Robinhood Effect is a term that describes "irrational stock price movements caused by retail traders buying stocks without regard to their fundamentals." Robinhood utilizes Key performance indicators (KPIs) to gauge the company's success. Key performance indicators are a series of benchmarks that companies and businesses use to decide how effective they’ve been at fulfilling their objectives. Robinhood's quarterly results are steadily increasing, the first quarter of 2023 saw an increased net revenue of 16% sequentially to $441 million. Robinhood is performing exceptionally well compared to competitor companies such as Coinbase.

If I were to advise something about Robinhood it would be a way to request a financial advisor to help with the investments and strategies when it comes to learning the basics, although they give a lot of helpful tips if there was a way to talk to someone one on one, I think it would be very engaging and useful for the future, they could do this by using Voice-over-Internet protocol (VoIP) technologies. This would be the most appropriate way to communicate with someone no matter the distance because of how simple and easy it would be to talk to someone.
